[FLINK-24755][doc]Add guidance to solve the package sun.misc does not exist (#17674)
apache/flink: docs/content/docs/flinkDev/ide_setup.md

When switching back to newer Flink versions you may have to revert this change again.

#### Compilation fails with `package sun.misc does not exist`  

> This happens if you are using JDK 11 as project SDK and compiling with `--release` option target 8 when running test in IDE.
> Which can be solved by disable the `--release` compiler option [JEP-247](https://openjdk.java.net/jeps/247). Go to 
> "Preferences" → "Build, Execution, Deployment" → "Compiler" → "Java Compiler" and uncheck the "Use '--release' option for cross-compilation (Java 9 and later)".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This happens if you are using JDK 11 and compile to Java 8 with the `--release` option. This option is currently incompatible with our build setup.
Go to "Settings" → "Build, Execution, Deployment" → "Compiler" → "Java Compiler" and uncheck the "Use '--release' option for cross-compilation (Java 9 and later)".
```

I don't think the JEP link is that useful, and it would be nice to also explain that this an issue with Flink itself.

Author: ok，I will change the chinese doc accordingly.
